docs(weave): document Content API (#5262)
wandb/weave: docs/docs/guides/core-types/media.md

| `data`      | `bytes`          | Raw binary content                      |
| `metadata`  | `dict[str, Any]` | Custom metadata dictionary              |
| `size`      | `int`            | Size of content in bytes                |
| `filename`  | `str`            | Extracted or provided filename          |
| `extension` | `str`            | File extension (e.g., `"jpg"`, `"mp3"`) |
| `mimetype`  | `str`            | MIME type (e.g., `"image/jpeg"`)        |
| `path`      | `str \| None`    | Source file path, if applicable         |
| `digest`    | `str`            | SHA256 hash of the content              |

#### Utility Methods

- `save(dest: str | Path) -> None`: Save content to a file
- `open() -> bool`: Open file using system default application (requires the content to have been saved or loaded from a path)
- `as_string() -> str`: Display the data as a string (bytes are decoded using the encoding attribute)

#### Initialization Methods

 - `Content.from_path(path, mimetype=None, metadata=None)`

```python
# Create Content from a file path:
content = Content.from_path("assets/photo.jpg")
print(content.mimetype, content.size)
```

>  - `Content.from_bytes(data, extension=None, mimetype=None, metadata=None)`
> 
> ```python
> # Create Content from raw bytes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create `content` object from raw bytes:

```python
```

>  - `Content.from_bytes(data, extension=None, mimetype=None, metadata=None)`
> 
> ```python
> # Create Content from raw bytes:
> content = Content.from_bytes(
>     data_bytes,
>     filename="audio.mp3", 
>     mimetype="audio/mpeg"
> )
> content.save("output.mp3")
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create `content` from raw bytes:

```python
content = Content.from_bytes(
    data_bytes,
    filename="audio.mp3", 
    mimetype="audio/mpeg"
)
content.save("output.mp3")
```
```

>  - `Content.from_text(text, extension=None, mimetype=None, metadata=None)`
> 
> ```python
> # Create Content from text:
> content = Content.from_text("Hello, World!", mimetype="text/plain")
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create `content` object from text:

```python
content = Content.from_text("Hello, World!", mimetype="text/plain")
```
```

> #### Initialization Methods
> 
>  - `Content.from_path(path, mimetype=None, metadata=None)`
> 
> ```python
> # Create Content from a file path:
> content = Content.from_path("assets/photo.jpg")
> print(content.mimetype, content.size)
> ```
> 
>  - `Content.from_bytes(data, extension=None, mimetype=None, metadata=None)`
> 
> ```python
> # Create Content from raw bytes:
> content = Content.from_bytes(
>     data_bytes,
>     filename="audio.mp3", 
>     mimetype="audio/mpeg"
> )
> content.save("output.mp3")
> ```
> 
>  - `Content.from_text(text, extension=None, mimetype=None, metadata=None)`
> 
> ```python
> # Create Content from text:
> content = Content.from_text("Hello, World!", mimetype="text/plain")
> ```
> 
>  - `Content.from_base64(b64_data, extension=None, mimetype=None, metadata=None)`
> 
> ```python
> # Create Content from base64-encoded data:
> content = Content.from_base64(base64_string)
> print(content.metadata)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Initialization Methods

Create `content` object from a file path:
```python
content = Content.from_path("assets/photo.jpg")
print(content.mimetype, content.size)
```

Create `content` object from raw bytes:
```python
content = Content.from_bytes(
    data_bytes,
    filename="audio.mp3", 
    mimetype="audio/mpeg"
)
content.save("output.mp3")
```

Create `content` object from text:
```python
content = Content.from_text("Hello, World!", mimetype="text/plain")
```

Create `content` object from base64-encoded data:
```python
content = Content.from_base64(base64_string)
print(content.metadata)
```
```

    return data

# Both input and output will show up as an MP4 file in Weave
# Input is a string and return value is bytes
bytes_data = content_annotation('./path/to/your/file.mp4')
```

### Direct Initialization

If you want to take advantage of features such as:
- Opening a file with a default application (such as a PDF viewer)
- Dumping the model to JSON to upload to your own blob storage (such as S3)
- Passing custom metadata to associate with the Content blob (such as the model used to generate it)

You can initialize content directly from your target type using one of the following methods:
- `Content.from_path` - Create from a file path
- `Content.from_bytes` - Create from raw bytes
- `Content.from_text` - Create from text string
- `Content.from_base64` - Create from base64-encoded data

```python
import weave
from weave import Content

@weave.op
def content_initialization(path: str) -> Content:
    return Content.from_path(path)

# Input shows up as path string and output as PDF file in Weave
content = content_initialization('./path/to/your/file.pdf')

content.open()  # Opens the file in your PDF viewer
content.model_dump()  # Dumps the model attributes to JSON
```

> ### Custom Mimetypes
> 
> The `polyfile-weave` library can detect most binary mimetypes, but custom mimetypes and text documents such as markdown may not be automatically detected.
> 
> #### Custom Mimetypes with Type Annotations
> 
> To manually specify the mimetype or extension of your file from a type annotation, you can pass it as a type parameter to Content:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom Mimetypes

Weave can detect most binary mimetypes, but custom mimetypes and text documents such as markdown may not be automatically detected, requiring you to manually specify the mimetype or extension of your file.

#### Custom Mimetypes with Type Annotations
```
